*Poles
At the lunar poles, specifically in their shadowed craters, there is water ice!
You can't really see it well in the image here though...
NASA confirmed this in 2009, when it crashed a satellite into the Cabeus crater near the South pole.
The impact released what looked to be water vapor high above the surface!
Water ice is probably the remains of asteroids and comets that collided w/ the Moon.
The ice never melted because of how little sunlight the lunar poles recieve.
*Maria
The large, dark splotches that you see on the Moon are called "maria."
Maria make up only about 17% of the lunar surface.
They are made of basaltic lava, placed by volcanic eruptions from billions of years ago.
Most of the major volcanic activity that created maria ended 3.3 billion years ago.
The youngest, Mare Orientale, was formed some 3.8 billion years ago.
Compared to the lunar highlands, maria have fewer craters.
This suggests that maria are relatively young surfaces.
*Highlands
The highlands make up most (about 83%) of the Moon's surface.
They are made of rocks called "anorthosites," made mostly of the elements silicon and oxygen.
As you can see, the highlands are heavily cratered, which suggests they are very old.
They were formed early in the Moon's history, about 4.1 to 4.4 billion years ago.
*Craters
The pores across the lunar surface are called "craters."
A crater is formed from an impact of interplanetary debris hitting the Moon.
The impact is explosive, creating the large, symmetrical, bowl shape of a crater.
The faster the debris hitting the Moon, the wider the crater it creates. 
*Crater Counting
Quick! Can you count all the craters on the far and near sides of the Moon?
There seems to be too many to count?!
A reason why the Moon has so many craters is that it has little erosion or internal activity.
This is the type of environment where if we count the number of craters...
...assuming we know the rates of impact during the Moon's history...
...we can estimate the age of surfaces on the Moon!